Document documentId support in Users & Permissions relation updates (#3252)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/features/users-permissions/rest-api.md

| 404 | `"User not found"` | No user with the given `id` |
| 400 | `"Username already taken"` or `"Email already taken"` | Duplicate value |

:::note Relation inputs support both `documentId` and numeric IDs

> When updating a user with custom relations, you can use either `documentId` (recommended for v5) or numeric `id` in relation payloads:

Author: ```suggestion
When updating a user with custom relations, you can use either `documentId` (recommended for Strapi 5) or numeric `id` in relation payloads:
```
